hey guys it's more than just a quick
tutorial this is a requested look I was
asking you wet'n'wild great talent that
and I did a smoked a dramatic look and I
hope you don't like it and I'll tell you
what's on my face I'm using LA girls
perfecting liquid makeup and this color
isn't a fee for my concealer revlon
beyond natural and this is in medium 2
d's for my powder i am using black
ratings perfect blend mineral foundation
and this is in 8201 light and this is
the lightest shade that i'm using under
my eyes I do have on been nine
translucent powder and this powder is in
topaz so I will talk to you guys later
and I hope you've enjoyed by not some
kind of finite an opportunity of mineral
china is all qualify your products on no
he called from Maui
at the base and call crystalline and
some colors beautiful website I'm gonna
fly it to the center of my lips both
austin de martino expense I could jump
right on the dashboard I'm now going to
go in with it I pencil and it's like a
jumbo pencil it's from Jordana's from a
limit I'm gonna put it on the outer
portion of my eye and an abortion come
on come on I'm going to palette in a
musical pop shade from the shimmer for
sure we can watch a short walk upon
either horizontal I see something
something miss Kyle know about being
done to the Don 1 i'll do it not
dedicate the match black shadow and I'm
gonna casing and the inner portion and I
was pushing on my everyone is watching
us both now going to go in the black
missionaries pushing up the palette and
I'm gonna find out over the back corner
market excited like I'm not gonna join
on a portion fight first blending be
blending out that on the top portion of
the eyeshadows
pocket us I'm gonna go back in the match
pushing up the eyeshadow and I'm gonna
just cross over ethernet same smaller
brush on your expensive I everyone the
paki hopefully us oh five stole the
process of making Godzilla Ronnie come
on go to the dance floor I'm gonna go
back in the shimmery shadow up here and
I'm gonna put it in my tear duct area
just slightly bring it under my eye I'm
going to go in with a clean brush and
I'm going to blend out the edges once
again little go back in the pally and
under the goal with these two colors
blending them and take that to above my
crease and just blend that out
no party this party's out the time the
Sun come in not gonna move on to the
lower lash line and i'll be taking a
poll I pencil and I'll be lining my
waterline with that I'm gonna extend it
to the corner of my eye because i'll be
bringing the Shadow Ball how did I take
it onto my last one take the matte black
shade I'm just gonna go over my lash
line of us both come on come on third
down throw this party would give it a
week I'm not going to shade
but looks like a penis I'm gonna put it
right in life I'm going to line my eyes
with red one outer space I'm 90 and it
is an election I'm going to curl my
lashes the way we get wanted rocky
Hollywood I did forget I'm gonna go in
with my heart and money lash at all and
I'm gonna start our get excited like a
penis with anything or anything i'm
teaching all right outside your mouth
and loaning us 45 told the box above
across 11 and quran tight babe i'm gonna
um wait a while got it and this let's
give me a bit of color no incident
stopping court influence I a nursing
degree with rent for sausages and on top
of the browser obvious lying lesson with
pink
blanket I'm and this is just to get a
hint of color and some glow everyone
talks totally got us 45 I'm gonna go in
so let's get away for my lips I'm using
a Jordana mac lipstick and its identity
terracotta line on it with aaron King
I'm the climber you a just a little bit
baby
no one think you really do anything your
Uncle Bobby show one you feel with it
let me know one me feel feelings but if
you're waiting you really do you want
obama sure you're feeling okay let's go
get me everybody what you say willing to
party